README.md, before:

<!-- =============================================== -->
<!-- GitHub Profile README                           -->
<!-- Username: aryan-np                              -->
<!-- =============================================== -->

# Hi 👋, I'm Aryan Neupane

### Backend Developer | Python & Django Focused | CS Student 🇳🇵

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" width="360" alt="Coding Animation" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🐍 Backend-focused developer with strong interest in **Python-based systems**
- ⚙️ Experienced with **Django** and **Django REST Framework**
- 🌐 Passionate about building **scalable APIs** and **database-driven applications**
- 🧠 Learning backend architecture, authentication systems, and clean code practices
- 🎓 BSc. (Hons) Computer Science student at **Herald College Kathmandu**
- 📍 Based in Nepal

📫 **Email:** nparyan7@gmail.com  
🌐 **Portfolio:** https://aryan-neupane.com.np  
💻 **GitHub:** https://github.com/aryan-np  

---

## 🔗 Connect With Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryan-neupane-1a80a4265/">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" height="30" />
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="mailto:nparyan7@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/google/google-original.svg" height="30" />
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://aryan-neupane.com.np">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/841/841364.png" height="30" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠 Languages, Frameworks & Tools

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="42" />
</p>

### Backend & API Skills
- Django REST Framework
- RESTful API Design
- JWT & Session Authentication
- CRUD Operations
- Database Design & Optimization
- MVC / MVT Architecture

---

## 🏅 Achievements

- Developed multiple **backend-first applications** using Django
- Built and secured **REST APIs** with authentication & authorization
- Integrated **PostgreSQL & MySQL** in real-world projects
- Implemented admin/user role-based systems
- Consistently improving open-source projects on GitHub

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=aryan-np&show_icons=true&theme=radical" height="165" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aryan-np&layout=compact&theme=radical" height="165" />
</p>

---

## 🔥 GitHub Streak

<p align="center">
  <img src="[https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=aryan-np&theme=radical](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=aryan-np)" />
</p>

---

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.screw-hand.vercel.app/?username=aryan-np&theme=radical" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aryan-np&label=Profile%20Views&color=brightgreen&style=flat" />
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated skills
Updated personal information and skills in README.

README.md, after:

<!-- =============================================== -->
<!-- GitHub Profile README                           -->
<!-- Username: aryan-np                              -->
<!-- =============================================== -->

# Hi 👋, I'm Aryan Neupane

### Backend Developer | Python & Django Focused | CS Student 🇳🇵

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" width="360" alt="Coding Animation" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🐍 Backend-focused developer with strong interest in **Python**
- ⚙️ Experienced with **Django** and **Django REST Framework**
- 🌐 Build clean, scalable **REST APIs**
- 🧠 Learning backend architecture, authentication & best practices
- 🎓 BSc. (Hons) Computer Science student at **Herald College Kathmandu**
- 📍 Nepal

📫 **Email:** nparyan7@gmail.com  
🌐 **Portfolio:** https://aryan-neupane.com.np  
💻 **GitHub:** https://github.com/aryan-np  

---

## 🔗 Connect With Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/aryan-neupane-1a80a4265/">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" height="30" />
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="mailto:nparyan7@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/google/google-original.svg" height="30" />
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://aryan-neupane.com.np">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/841/841364.png" height="30" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🛠 Languages, Frameworks & Tools

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="42" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postman/postman-original.svg" width="42" />
</p>

### Backend & API Skills
- Django REST Framework
- RESTful API Development
- JWT & Session Authentication
- CRUD Operations
- PostgreSQL & MySQL
- WebSockets
- MVC / MVT Architecture

---

## 🏅 Achievements

- Built multiple **backend-driven web applications**
- Designed and secured **REST APIs** with authentication
- Worked with **relational databases** in real projects
- Implemented role-based access systems
- Active contributor to personal and academic projects

---

## 📊 GitHub Statistics

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=aryan-np&show_icons=true&theme=radical" height="165" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aryan-np&layout=compact&theme=radical" height="165" />
</p>

---

## 🔥 GitHub Streak

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=aryan-np" />
</p>

---

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.screw-hand.vercel.app/?username=aryan-np&theme=radical" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aryan-np&label=Profile%20Views&color=brightgreen&style=flat" />
</p>
